honourable senators , what happened here , last Tuesday ?
one of selection committee has been posed .
yesterday I attended on the first meeting of the committee .
and I am surprised that the committee that it does not really know what to do with the Senate . rise independent
i am not so much for a moment that concern .
the committee can selection show some impact .
on the work that undertaking a senator over the next two years .
it is an important committee , because , in principle , these new senators to determine what sit some committee senators .
i am therefore presented to the sitting of the committee to yesterday to realize that one of the Senate nine was indeed .
it was sent a replacement .
honourable senators , it is one name .
you will see that I am kind ' t it ?
the Senate will have their own research to find that had been fault .
when one a work , it must accept the do .
the women who are sitting in the Senate have proven .
they will have remplissaient much more that the majority of the men in the Senate .
i remember the by the to the committee of the veterans of sessions held in February 1998 .
the Senate Ni neither the House of Commons are sitting in the time .
they sat in the proceedings of the committee , all three senators of women .
the leadership of the Senate could not find a person to the committee .
i could cite word , to say , the hon. senator Carstairs took answer the question I asked .
i asked him : " Quels were the criteria are as follows ? "
she said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report .
that it was struck by the parliamentary associations in 1993 .
at that time was only of men . The delegations formées
in that I would like to point out that it has been replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years .
however , I still an opportunity to look back my association . preferred
honourable senators , I do not know how or when the House will be much about these two reports .
each time that the Senate is in watching the verdict .
by a group of students , or wondered from journalists or any .
that if we do ?
it is true , I believe it .
however , it should be translated in fact .
i do not believe in the alternative .
if a senator accept this position in a committee , he or she should participate in any meetings intended .
we are not of the House which we say in the corridors :
do you in committee " Présentez today and after two years of education , there is a final question in committee '' .
they do not even know what they are viewed , they stand out when they stand and the leaders .
they do not know no what happened .
in the words " " and " " is the way in our honourable senators continuité dedication speech .
over the next two weeks , starting to reflect on the way we will address the independent . Senate
is the reason we are not , I créerai my own committee of Parliament who are interested in the world affairs .
no one can we try to .
the Honour the Speaker :
if any other hon. Senator wishes to speak , you do is it the pleasure of Senate and honourable to adopt the motion ?
some hon. members :
in agreement .
( motions deemed adopted , the report agreed to )
